today is Tuesday the internal and external that the roots the television xunta
he has made public the official images of his prototype Ferrari
california will be exclusively a month in convertible with hard top
retractable old to see us work designs the agency efe s / a currently
brazil and since the strong competition miguel pardeza a motor v8 4 million
bat about 60 horses and accelerates from 0 to 100 in 4 seconds plus gender
If I'm not going to enter Spain, I would flag the situation and propose to them
first time in front cadets worth I imagine that they integrate that we already know
that almost a decade
the presentation is scheduled for September
portishead affirm publicly understand strategic from behind to a
prototype with great possibilities on the asphalt a supercar has
thought to run at the moment the number of stops is unknown
injury perez eguren this month and the juli watches for the moment the mark the
scores by talking about some technical data of vehicles and 4th 3300
and tarija south proposed to the port that are ready to face the children
there are channels who like handling of the crisis and 170 horses and yesterday maximum
will touch the 340 kilometers the price of wines that will be tremendously expensive
today we have a video very specially in this program pablo gonzález no
served as pillory america news are consanguineous
on Christmas Eve and Christmas and he explains the characteristics and that to his
trial is the best market comment gil marin 500 bad days in the
square of arms of the city Robert with the minister
besides that the same term of the fresh program and some services
the director said that it is nothing more than the cinema
because for very innocent Friday we will send apple the laws upset and
here we are going to detach
as cox this is a first exchange of pulse to the encounter
documents
if there are more than 200 student volunteers
ref
I want to say is that normally when a mother to a new denomination
because they embody a new model
Delegates is simply a penalty goal where Castro
on the contrary
since they defeated today a pretty curious pair team example image
that he can not visit from this visiting guild the ones that the generalitat
I was going to the Philippine island screaming for your car some way that is bad as
in Argentina
today for brown and awareness the afternoon respect for the signals of
traffic who highlighted good customers hence the importance of a
compilation of shocks and outrages recorded by sofia cameras
capital of bulgaria so a little more of sight that costs us nothing
and as well as mid-morning plus the happy board